# Aholehole
15-2770 Aholehole St. Discover the epitome of turn-key living in this meticulously crafted home boasting an expansive wraparound covered lanai featuring built-in ohia seating, nestled within Hawaiian Shores Recreational Estates. Inside, vaulted ceilings and an open-concept design create an airy ambiance throughout the residence. In Hawaii, there are red and green lionfish. The green ones are smaller, grow about 6 inch long, common in shallow waters, while the red ones are a bit bigger, 7-8 inch long and usually live in deeper waters. Usually lionfish become active after sunset, but there is a chance to see them during the day too. No matter what type of lionfish you ... The aholehole is a type of bass fish that lives in both salt and freshwater environments. The Hawaiian chain has them, and they are a popular fish to catch. Despite the fish's appearance, it only spans around 12 inches. The fish features a slender and elongated body that has a silver appearance. Its body also has hints of blue and grey and a ... On October 15 at Nami Kaze in Honolulu, Chef Jason Peel is offering an eight-course tasting menu featuring Kona kanpachi, 'ahi, and aholehole (Hawaiian flagtail). He is fully utilizing the fish with menu items including fish head, eye, and bloodline. The third dinner will be on October 24 at Tiffany's in Wailuku, Maui. In addition to seafood, two meat dishes make a rare appearance, including crispy pork belly that hits notes of sweet, salty and spicy in the same bite. Located at Pier 38, under the headquarters ...