## [back](../index.md) 
# Alaska blackfish
Instructions. Rinse blackfish and pat dry with paper towels. Using half of each ingredient, sprinkle one side of the fish with salt and pepper, then repeat on the other side. Heat skillet on medium-high heat with oil. Place fish into skillet skin side down and press gently for a few seconds to prevent curling. The Alaska Blackfish, also known as Dallia pectoralis, is a species of fish that belongs to the family Umbridae. It is endemic to Alaska and can be found in various freshwater habitats across the state. The origin and evolution of this species can be traced back to the Pleistocene era, when Alaska was covered in glaciers. ... Yes, there is a black fish known as the Alaska blackfish. They are found in Alaska and eastern Siberia, typically in densely vegetated areas of lowland swamps, ponds, rivers, and lakes. How big do black fish get? Blackfish can grow to be as big as 22 pounds, with an average weight for caught fish ranging from 3 to 4 pounds. Males are generally ... Scientists at the Alaska Fisheries Science Center collect a variety of information about fish that aids in the effective management of commercially important fish and crab stocks. We study different aspects of a fish's life and development including growth, maturity and natural mortality. Knowing the age composition of commercially exploited ... Alaska Blackfish (Dallia pectoralis) Burbot (Lota lota) Dolly Varden (Salvelinus malma) Sockeye Salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka) Coho Salmon (Oncorhynchus kisutch) Chinook Salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha) Chum Salmon (Oncorhynchus keta) Sheefish individuals, also called Inconnu, in the Kuskokwim River system spawn in the upper regions of the river ...