## [back](../index.md) 
# Alewife (fish)
Alewives are small forage fish that don't live very long lives, often living for up to 10 years. Cassidy Best / CC BY 4.0. A departure from popular sportfish like salmon and bass, the alewife is something between a small-sized "forage fish" and a trout although they are more closely related to shads. The alewife has a laterally compressed, silver body and a conspicuous eyespot behind its ... Each spring, alewife herrings return to spawn in New England rivers. In recent years, the removal of dams has led to a resurgence of the little fish that are a key part of the food chain. February 12, 2024. Alewives may soon be returning to Maine's Mattamiscontis Lake. For the Penobscot Nation, the Indigenous people who have fished the waters of the North Woods for 12,000 years, the return of these silvery slivers of foot-long fish is a reason to celebrate. In the Penobscot language, "Mattamiscontis" translates to "place ... WARREN, Maine — Fishermen and regulators call the return of alewife runs in Maine a success story. In the '80s, the fishery was all but gone. Dams and overfishing drove the migratory fish, which lives in the ocean and returns to ponds to spawn, out of the playbook for lobstermen bait. But now with regulations by the Maine Department of Marine ... Dammed But Not Doomed. As dams come down on the Skutik River, the once-demonized alewife—a fish beloved by the Passamaquoddy—gets a second chance at life. Heroic fish tales tend to focus on species with a certain je ne sais quoi: the leaping salmon, the globetrotting tuna, the mammoth marlin towering above its captor as it dangles from a scale.